Support for Oracle and MSSQL documentation [HZ-2988] (#947)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/sql/pages/mapping-to-jdbc.adoc

The JDBC connector allows you to connect to any database that supports the JDBC interface.

== Supported Databases

> The JDBC connector officially supports the following database management systems:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JDBC connector supports the following database management systems:
```

Reviewer 2: @rebekah-lawrence I think we need a bit of help here how to formulate this.

These 4 are the DBMS we know it works with and we support them. There are many other DBMS that provide JDBC driver, but we haven't tested those. But they still may work fine, maybe for some subset of commands. 

What should we do? Maybe add below

> Other database management systems with JDBC interface may still work, but support from Hazelcast is not provided.

or something like that?

Reviewer: I'd make it a note, perhaps something like:

NOTE: You can use other database management systems with a JDBC interface. However, Hazelcast offers no guarantees or support for these systems.

- MySQL
- PostgreSQL
- Microsoft SQL Server
- Oracle

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: You can use other database management systems with a JDBC interface. However, Hazelcast offers no guarantees or support for these systems.

```

```

<1> The name of the connector.
<2> The name of the external data store configuration on your members.

> == Data Type Mapping Between Hazelcast and MSSQL

Reviewer 2: Could you add the same table for PostgreSQL and MySQL (there are not many differences there). Just to have it complete.

> Hazelcast supports a subset of SQL data types. The following MSSQL types are mapped to the respective Hazelcast SQL type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hazelcast supports a subset of SQL data types. The following MSSQL types are mapped to the respective Hazelcast SQL type:
```

> Hazelcast supports a subset of SQL data types. The following MSSQL types are mapped to the respective Hazelcast SQL type:

Reviewer 2: @Edizc Do you have some source for the list of MS SQL data types? It would help many people (internal & external) if we have a link to official MS SQL docs here. (Same for Oracle below).

[cols="1,1"]
|===
| MSSQL Type| Hazelcast SQL Type

|`varchar`
|`VARCHAR`

|`tinyint`
|`TINYINT`

|`smallint`
|`SMALLINT`

|`int`
|`INTEGER`

|`bigint`
|`BIGINT`

|`decimal`
|`DECIMAL`

|`real`
|`REAL`

|`float`
|`DOUBLE`

|`date`
|`DATE`

|`time`
|`TIME`

|`datetime`
|`TIMESTAMP`

|`datetimeoffset`
|`TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE`

|`numeric`
|`DECIMAL`

|`char`
|`VARCHAR`

|`text`
|`VARCHAR`

|===

== Data Type Mapping Between Hazelcast and Oracle
The following Oracle types are mapped to the respective Hazelcast SQL type.

> NUMBER(p,s) represents NUMBER type with decimal precision "p" and scale "s" where s>0, whereas NUMBER(p) has scale 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`NUMBER(p,s)` represents a NUMBER type with a decimal precision of `p` and a scale of `s` that is greater than 0. `NUMBER(p)` has a scale of 0.
```
